Devil's at the [Music]
door song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a storm coming out of
mountains Never To Be Tamed all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name okay welcome back to satanic initiation on lady Babylon tonight there
are going to be two groups of you those who can make it all the way through to
the end without severe
nausea and those those who it won't affect at all but that will be a few that'll be a
minority you say how can you set things up by bringing in something like oh God
you because you know where we're going we were last time in the temple at Jerusalem with
Jesus bringing us new territory now we're going to stay with
Jesus only this time instead of going with him we're going to bring him up
we're going to bring him up along with Moses and the party tonight we're going
into an actual bakic Revel and I want you I know that you feel like you can
make it all the way through but you'll regret it at some point I can
promise tonight on lady
Babylon
[Music]
we have to pull out our most holy incense tonight to be able to purify
this place I mean bring it breaks it time we're going to cleanse out this
place so that we can call in these texts and I'm going to show you
some just straight up literal bakic ritual and um we're going to be looking
at drugs we're going to be looking at states of mind and we're going to be looking at
catharsis yeah what we need to cleanse this place is a little bit of emis we
need that Dion called
EO EO she who pours the poison she who
pours the poison something happened it was
Aura you know what she had the guts to do she had the guts to put down
Artemus for the shape of her
body yeah she did and this is what happened to her go ahead
[Music]
[Music] chewy
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
h
I have seen the place where the woman is made a
bride she has made that bride next to the Rock yes next to the Rock now you think
to yourself what does that have to do with what does that have to do just wait
just wait there's a wedding we need to go to ready everybody ship's here every
everybody get out I want you to look right now I want you to look into the eyes of a bachan and what's going on
with a bachan let's hit me with the first one chewy fantastic blow it
up yeah yeah nobody you know what's going on during the celebration nobody
in the city was a coric and you say a coric what does that mean nobody didn't
dance nobody didn't dance that that's what happens it's what happens with the
stuff guys soon as we get there we're not going to be sitting in pews right we're going to be dancing dancing
fantastic and um Bonas is gonna go visit somebody he's gonna go visit
aarius okay cool let's hang with him come on Bas we got Jesus we got Jesus
right with us here he is let's go let's go to the next one
boom this is what bacus is Distributing uhuh a
painkilling intoxication a painkilling intoxication if I want you to look at
these words luy p o means to to destroy that that anguish
to take away that pain and it is used for a specific class of drugs it is the name of a class of
drugs in Antiquity the pain killers let's go on
the painkillers so okay did everybody did everybody get the okay we're good to go okay I just want you to notice the
name in The Very middle of the second line ganam bacas tells this guy he says look
we're watching them talk right now I'm sorry was that bacas what what' you say he said look I'm going to make
you the equal of gamed gamed gamed you're going to be heading
up the rights you know what people brought up until this point you're going
to bring them my communion my communion you're going to bring them the
blood do you understand my son it's the Son of God we're talking
about don't you get that wrong either we come here to worship Bas at this time in history we come here
to honor the Son of God the reason that we have all of the
problems is because people will not Embrace that he is the Son of
God yes prove it bacas prove it okay I'm starting to Can You Feel Can You Feel
The at least the painkillers they give you that right at the door right let's keep going to the the next one um why
ganam yeah why ganam go to the next one why ganam CUA
ganam give something to Zeus actually take it down chewy and get us whatever
mindbending pictures you've got because gamed is gonna take us to Zeus well who
is gamed oh isn't that nice there he is you thought I was just making up stories
no look here they are fantastic ganam what does he do he Bears the cup for
Zeus he Bears the cup what does that mean well that's on two levels people okay
and we know it because you and I you know did you see that Roman hitchhiker we picked up few weeks ago who's been on
time spaceship yeah um he he's influencing us
subconsciously yeah and what he's doing is he's telling us look um we know what
the ganam is the ganam is the cup if you are following the pric poems which are
old Roman poems hymns and whatnot little
diddies epigrams all sorts of stuff man preg and what do they say in the preg
gamed has the anal cup yes Zeus drinks from G animed and
heie heie did you just say heie I did do
we have picture fantastic heie notice notice she looks like she may be young
it's because youth youth is what her name means okay remember we worship the
gods we're not like Christians and Jews we do not become monists and worship one
force at the expense of all the the others we worship youth in Antiquity hey
who doesn't want to be young who doesn't want to be young do you know the Son of
God who's the son of God Mary you guys don't know it you don't know who the Son
of God marries it's heie it's Youth and what is what does heie do
youth gives Ambrosia to the Olympians she's the
source of Olympian Ambrosia what is ambrosia what are Ambrosia a nectar
right cuz ganam is trumping around with the nectar he's got that
nectar right and youth what she's got the Ambrosia what is she doing if she
doesn't give us that we don't live forever you mean that's what the Greeks
thought yes let me say this to you and I want you to use everything
practiced up until this point mentally mentally if you
don't feed the gods Ambrosia and nectar they
die they become immort they become mortal their
mortality is burned off by their own eor
and what is eor that is what flows in your veins that's
what media removed from Taos yeah
yeah and if you don't have it from HEI and ganam you don't have your mortality
burned off yeah did you think that the yeah
right it's a system has to work according to the laws of
physics right okay I get it let's get very rational stuff people it's not you
know come on you didn't who's here to get Bak I I came um let's stop the
lesson and just get back to bakas let's go look at this paper what's he gonna give you he's gonna give you look at the
two words underlining you see onu and end that's the word for wine in gen oos
right oh look at that and its adjective is way the heck over there on the other
side way over here right
here and that's a that's a funny for you Greek people the my students that's the
archaic right that's that's an old genitive any who look they don't have to
be right next to each other then I got no problem with that what is this thing full of right it's full of this wine
that is resurrection
wine you say what Resurrection wine have you ever
heard of Resurrection wine
interesting it's gonna Garo you what does that mean you remember the little
kid that was under the influence in the Tomb screaming out Jesus goes
into rise up
e that's all you need people that's all you need is that Resurrection
wine okay the Son of God brings us that right thank you thank you nice let's go
to the next one what else do we get in this package right well it has it if
you're going to be involved in this you're going to be involved the oysters up front and everybody here knows what
the gadfly does the gadfly stings you and makes you mad he makes you
crazy he makes you want to pursue kicks your mind into a place of
mania that is unsatisfiable
insatiable oh God she's giving it to him who is daughter instead of the milk
that's what it says under it let's go let's go and what happens look look look
look speak up speak up old man where'd you find the nectar of Olympus on Earth
where'd you find it where'd you get it you didn't get it from keesus
thisan look at that what is does that mean it means the
color of santhos santhos what is the stuff you
thought what is this stuff I'm gonna assume it's wine this isn't the origin of wine
making this is the origin of bacus take a look at the next next we're
going to get a I think it's this one is that yep sanos people now we have a
problem take it down we have a problem and put it right buckle up when I say we have a problem with colors in Antiquity
you would think in Greek that there would be a red and a blue maybe a green
and a yellow everything's going to be fine yeah well you discover there's a
huge problem when you start studying medicine because every color fluid that
comes out of the body must be described these are all symptoms yeah was he
flagma was it like right was he billias right so you have to know these
colors and they're weird and they can vary and every time you have one you got to think I bet this could be a couple
other colors so here's our option people of the color yellow various shades with
a tinge of red brown or Auburn perhaps all the way to a brown
through an Auburn um golden people Sant is golden
it's like yellow with a touch of blood with just a touch of blood but look we
know certain people are known for their nice blonde hair their nice blonde hair
and there's even a wine here in this list look look at paragraph number two we got an aphrodisiac
wine there is that golden golden you want some golden stuff
here you know what killy's hair was colored it was golden you know what
media's hair was colored it was color of radiating
Sun nice nice That's the color we've got here and that's the color of the HUD the
solution that bakas has given people and let's see what it does okay so first we
already got the painkillers at the door right now what do we doing right
now we're we're getting ready we're hearing about it people are dancing singing and now
we're going to get the golden we're gonna get the golden you
ready for the golden Watch what it does to you watch what the golden does to you
don't tell me right don't no regrets on this trip people all wanted to be here
so no regrets for what we're about to see um I think it was this one SHO
yeah I just wanted to blow that up look up there it is getting the golden water
okay here we go bring me up the next one go ahead yep um no that's not that one I wanted
to show them that one I work um look in a fragment I just want you to see before
we got there I was about to drink it right I was about to drink it but look we got to realize who's around us at the
party who's around us a crowd and AOS just like Jesus you mean Jesus kides
followed us here yes Jesus's children followed us to a bcka grave you can do
that you know why the devil's in control you can summon his ghost you can
grab that resurrected guy right out of the sky bring him here right now why'd
you think the two or three thing two or three of you I'll be right there with
you you will there's hundred of
us let's go to where look look what we brought them with us people what does this say says this is all happening with
a crowd of the local nymphs local nymphs yeah local nymphs
and children children right children local nymphs and the children
do you remember the doves oh wow what is a nymph what is a
nymph what is dove what is a dove we're the kids we're in a Bic rfe does anybody
feel just a little uncomfortable no you don't and do you
know why you don't feel uncomfortable because we have given you one drug at the entry and now you're getting another
one this is the main thing you'll need an antidote for it but just wait just
wait Watch What Happens let's see this is a and I know some of you have written to me and have been by the way if I
haven't gotten back to you really sorry I'm really sorry I will catch up um but for any of you who have been people have
written to me and said that you know they're they know of these festivals
right what's the difference between the mystery and just you know just a good solid Rave because Watch What Happens
it's a mystery it doesn't happen it's a rave okay here we go oh my
God this thing H did you get some let's have some together that's right let's
have some final season let's have some together have some
together oh oh that golden stuff that golden
stuff that's what they're doing and what happens this golden stuff I'm just going to translate this does this isn't the
potion that lady Athena created for us this isn't that this this thing is
sweeter than any milk that you can get man right it stays fresh all the time do
you hear me I just did I just have the potion yeah and this is what I'm saying this stuff is crazy good Wow
Fresh bro that's what happens fresh now look what happens it's also um look at
the last word in the third line cus Coos does any recognize the
cocain yes you remember how many times I've told you cocaine is a an
ingredient that is used it's a compound but it is an ingredient that is used along with other it's mixed with other
things right this thing that you're getting on board this is the top this is the heart
of elus being channeled right through
through a God right into a nectar and we're going to get serve that
nectar let's go to the next one I love this I love this are you guys ready Watch What Happens Watch what it does to
people um look um you must have taken this stuff from didn't you take this
stuff from heie she must have been the one to give it to you and ganam he said
previously right so you must have stolen this stuff right who took the who took
the mixing bowl of the Gods right wow this is where you are mentally next one
next one tell me speak right speak Something's Gonna Come
From your your sto what's going to come from your mouth
what's gonna we're under the influence the of this sweet potion notice here in
the first line it's not a WI wine it's a potion it's a drink that's been
concocted and what happens I become he
monice look at that I got problems in my brain right I'm in
Mania don't you feel like you're in Mania I'm sorry I'm sorry but this is man right we gotta have the music we got
to be dancing remember we're dancing because people dance when they're under this
influence it's off the
devil that's why the devil dances sisters of repression
and dissatisfaction you know you want the people are even commenting that you want
it does that satisfy
you the repression is too much the communion allows the bachant my class to
enter into the place where the repression is loosed isn't that nice you want to see
the vill of the mystery sometime we should all take a field trip to the vill of the Mysteries yes right we should all
go transported transported through time and space um let's go to the next next
uh reference source yeah U where are we look at this just look at the thing it's
underline that's all you got to know where's my mind going under the influence of the
gold it's going to Lissa to Lissa who is LC Madness Mania right and it's thic
Mania right this is specifically bakic
mania this is the glorification
of the mother the Virgin who made it with
Zeus to produce the Son of God to produce the Son of God she birthed
within the lightning are you ready to see the lightning do you have the oysters on because it's said this is
giving us the oysters right it's sad it's G giving us
that sting are you ready I know why Paul said this stuff was so good right go to
the go to the next one please yeah oh look at this one look at this one just ow
okay I got to fill in the blank for what happened between here you can leave it up to if you want it's your call um you
have good judgment thanks for all for all the navigation and none of this will be possible
um what happens so when you're in that oous when you're in that
state something strange happens the music and the dancing will focus the group of
Maniacs into one
machine and they will turn on aarius and they will kill
him to together they will understand why his death is necessary and they will
kill him in their Mania and there's a very graphic description of them doing this and now here's where you start
feeling a little regretful right they kill him they pound him with their fists
they bludgeon him yeah and um then they start with a cudel and ating him it's
got a spike on it a thorn and they start a rating him and the blood is splashing
around and this verse says that that blood it combined with that
Dew purple iing the wine purpz it making
it purple the blood is absolutely
necessary you cannot have the mystery without a
sacrifice do you want to see the sacrifice continue it's going to get graphic that
was nothing okay don't feel bad for the dude right he's the one who
was given the gift yeah he's the one who's given the
gift this is a god this is a God not to be not to be toyed
with right you can't make a deal with the devil and then renig you can't just
just doesn't work all right let's see what Bonas does are you ready I know a
lot of you are like oh I'm not sure I want to go here right we're going yeah
sit love it let's go there to the next one yeah yeah um they're screaming now
crazy stuff too crazy stuff too no go to this go to the next oh this is what I
want um yeah that's fine I want you to notice that this all of this spiraling
down this Mania is a controlled
psychosis that is driven by Eros this says
AOS is a prophet the one who
is the fire okay unless you are in this state
you'll never make it to that Vision uh
and prophecy um if you think Isaiah and Ezekiel walked around with a little
notepad and did their little no no no they didn't they didn't those guys were warped out of their minds I was standing
there on Mount so and so underneath a blank tree and all of a sudden the Lord
God smacked my nogget and I ended up in the wilderness
right the angel standing I'm I'm what did I do I bent over and I was urinating
on the ground you know and my pants because I was so scared and shaky
and right um there's only one way to get
there this is what the gold is for this is what the gold is for it's allows us
to find that place that place we can come back
from yeah and have a new birth yeah love it let's go to the next
one this is um poetry people and I want you to notice here remember Carl Rock
here's a little tribute to Carl Rock I mean he's still you know I mean it's not it's a tribute like you know could email
him too but I'll do it here um look through a poos in
what is what is a th poos it's somebody who leads the TH or tho who leads that
sacrifice that is the burning of the incense this is Mr fumigator he works for Hera and he is
inos my tribute to Dr Ruck coining the word
enogen right well here's Enos right there right that
priest who is the one officiating that right who is bringing you to the place
that you need to be brought that priest is in thetic they have a connection that
you don't understand right now you can obtain that connection through the
mystery and the Christians would say this is your demonia
exactly right exactly so do you see the drugs are there the ritual is there um
every thing about the mystery by the time Jesus gets there and remember this is hot this is hot 300 years before
Jesus this is hot 250 years before Jesus when people are riding for the first
time the septu in Greek and it becomes a hit
yeah yeah this is that stuff that's there remember it's from this
environment that's why Moses is going to show up you thought Moses was going to show oh we got to keep going where are
the babies can somebody get me the babies it never works unless you have a
giant sacrifice do you see your sacri let's go let's look at the child
sacrifice shall we oh no no let's not you can't look anywhere today that you
don't see the child sacrifice so appropriately here it is here it is
let's uh go to the next one yeah uh
um yeah oh okay so here I'm just G to translate look I'm really small but I'm just GNA try blow it up you it's okay I
don't mind ow it's hurting me um okay
look um what happens dionis is pissed off yeah and what does he do he drives
all the anakan women oyr mad look at the second line oyera he oyer sizes them
yeah and what do they start doing they start Al laading what do you do when you
alalo it's a war cry it's also a shout of joy and it's particular to the bakic
Mysteries it is our word take it down for
Hallelujah for Hallelujah just take it down for a minute Hallelujah when you want to express
Allelujah you're expressing an old Greek idea an old Greek idea that was there
centuries before there was ever any Hebrew okay our understanding of these
documents has been completely tainted by religious schools both Jewish and
Christian both of these groups this Jewish religion and this Christian
religion both of these monotheistic religions developed from the bakic
ritual now I'm not the one to first start saying that they said that in Antiquity when they were watching what
they did yeah fantastic okay let's go to the next
Source what are those people doing that looks illegal go to the next one okay no
I mean go to the this the old one okay yeah there we are okay now what happens he drives him mad he's pissed off right
bacas is mad because they why because they won't accept his worship so he makes them
accept his worship you see that's not very nice thing for the son of this son of God isn't like
the Son of God that you're used to right um this son of God has something to
prove and he does so watch this what does he do um the women he makes it so
they go out on the highways and they find people and hurt them and oh these
poor women they take I'm I'm just going to translate it for you they ready their
cutting implements yep for their
newborns the ready cutting implements for their newborns and they take the
sword and what what what is this what happens a mother will kill her kid right
there yeah another one will take her kid who is only three years old and totally
destroy him and another one some other one will take their little kid and throw
him up in the air just heave them heave them under the influence
Under the Influence they won't have any thoughts you know where their minds are it says their minds are in a place they
won't have any thoughts for breastfeeding right they won't have any
thoughts for that they won't remember the child birth they won't
remember they'll just sacrifice so a mother killed her son
yeah doesn't even think about the breast has no memory of giving that kid birth
you know what happens in the place called aerion it says this you know what happens their young people give a
sacrifice of locks of their hair you know what sacrifice they're giving now
they're giving the children sacrifice yeah take it
down uhoh all the air went out of the room right
Can you feel it it's kind of chilly right you thought you wanted to
come to this I told you I'll bring it to you I'll show you what it is I'll show
you and now you're sad don't worry there's a bottom and there's a top we'll come back we'll come back here let's
start to come back we've gotten to the bottom okay are you ready shift into oh
bring in Jesus where's Jesus come here Jesus Revelation Revelation 21 and I saw a new
uranos and a new Gaia for the first uranos and the first Gaia they perished
they went away and the sea is not yeah yeah and what else did he see
he saw holy Jerusalem I'm telling you what I'm seeing baby I see that new
Jerusalem coming down down coming down from uranos and from Theos I see it
coming yeah and what's gonna happen it's gonna be like a nymph it's
gonna be like a nymph wait take it down a nymph did we did we just see them we
saw them right with the kids you saw them chewy did you see the nymphs that were here I told you right we're going
to see a nymph wait a minute is this the the Bible talking about Jesus the son of God performing the mystery correct it is
it is it's him doing it and he's got the
nymph have you ever wondered let me just ask you Christians Catholic Protestant doesn't
matter I even ask the Mormons maybe the Mormons go for this stuff to Jehovah's Witnesses I don't care all you guys all
you guys know that when Jesus comes back when the son of God returns he's gonna
make you his bride he's GNA no it's okay Chey it's
okay yeah he's gonna make you his
bride you know you're the bride of Christ are you ready to see bride of Christ what you're in
for yeah this New Jerusalem this New
Jerusalem what's it going to be like like did you know the foundations of the foundations of
Rome do you know what the Templars found they found the foundation of Rome
and the City of the Seven Hills that's what they found
Jerusalem let's go to the next pass yeah the same one here here this Revelation
what what happened I Heard a Voice oh God they're hearing voices again r are
you guys hearing voices I mean the stuff they gave us and I heard the voice a great one and it's you know it's coming
from a throne it's coming from a throne okay I think I took something else
people look there's a tent of God with men and he's dentifying with men and
somebody out there I know I can I can feel you I can feel you um
Mason a free mason I know you're out there there I know you're out there and
you want that scanny to be something dirty Freemasons are dirty right wants that ska to be
something right look for the
gland right this is what's going to happen we're gonna scanify are you ready
to go back to the passage oh God it's so lovely um and the lot of people you know
um God him self right he'll be there and a lot of people it's it going to be a big crowd right and um it's he's going
to wipe away all your tears baby no tears oh by the way I forgot to tell you
underneath the influence of the gold um nobody's gonna care if you and I can
execute our children our newborns right in front of everybody and nobody cares
right they're going to eat him anyway right they're going to have yeah right
oh going to have a kind of a watered down barbecue without the
barbecue without the fire you ever eat raw
meat hey you wanted a bakic revel right you wanted it let's go let's go back to
that one yeah and what is he gonna do um all of this is going to happen because in that third to last line
K and there will be no
death take it away there will be no death do you know why didn't we show you
last time Jesus going through the cathartic
rituals didn't we show you his magic that he's doing yeah this is the extension of that
this is the performance of the mystery you go back to that verse one more time
the same one I just want you to notice people death will not
exist death will not exist remember what we said those of the second
death what do we do what do we do in those days we are going to be stuck because
we're going to be searching for death but death is not going to
come right why because the mystery will have been rest
started you know the mystery is that
salvation from Death yeah yeah you didn't thank Jesus
and the resurrections were all just symbolic right right yeah realize the
physics that's there right you you evangelicals may be able
to pull out enough common sense to respect what I'm
saying yeah let's go let's go to the next one um look what's going to happen
there will be no death I just want you guys to see it right why because we've restarted the mystery and what does the
mystery do the mystery averts death how does the mystery do that by submerging
you in that Transit yeah right
right into that black hole love it it's going to open your eyes right Jehovah
was trying to do that from the start what do you think Eve was for you got to have the Water of Life if you want to
take Adam your boy to the place where he goes beyond and comes back and has the
knowledge has the knowledge it's like a god it's like a god you know how you
burn off somebody's mortality I wish we would start I wish we would
start let's go to the next one love it okay um hey for the rest of you for the
rest of you just just give into that fear of
Christ right now wait a minute I didn't say anything about fear I forgot to mention people the drugs that they've
been giving us you know that makes us kill our children um those drugs make us
exception fearful fearful and what do we fear we
fear the Christ this language that you find in the New Testament is not
separate and distinct from the environment of the classical World Jesus
did not suddenly appear within a
vacuum yeah he is using the Machinery that is there at the time has anybody
noticed that we've been doing Greek the whole time that everything Jesus says is in Greek because they were not speaking
Hebrew yeah it was lurgical and it pissed people off but too bad languages
die right deal with it GRE
kicked but across the world wasn't just Hebrew
gee how many languages did the Roman um did the Roman World wipe out
right oh thanks Evander Evander gave him the gave him the alphabet you know
through his mom carmenta love it you know she was a prophet right you know she was a bakic prophet does that
surprise anyone yeah love it did you know your history
is has been generated by people you are unfamiliar
with yeah yeah it has very good very good it's only the dogs that get
recognized right um give into your fear of Christ and right become that fear of
pan keep going yeah and the women women by the way this is just a little bit I'm
just I'm taking Paul and I'm just causing him to cough up some things we're talking about marriage and whatnot
and cult and you know what if you are within the movement what is your opinion
right you got to obey your obey your men you know as if they were the cuos do you
hear me Eve do you hear me out there why is this Associated do you hear
me Eve Eve didn't
listen that's what started the whole problem they had just written this thing in the third Cent Century so these new
testament writers they're fresh on it right it's hand and glove it's good
stuff and you have to understand that that cuos um that Christos is that Adam and
I'm not the one saying this they're the ones saying this is the adom you mean
Judaism and Christianity or just two aspects of one single cult yes and that
cult came earlier and gave birth to Judaism and
Christianity at a time when women were also
worshiped love it love it you're never GNA be able to hide those women Jehovah
keep going yeah next next quote please um this is Ephesians and Paul says in the
men love your wives you know is Christ is he Agape the Ecclesia the church
right okay all right right all right good gave himself you know gave himself
put his all and might into it you know what I mean for the church because this is his bride come on man we defend him
we defend the bride that's the way it is would you think this mystery didn't defend the bride look and what is all
this for it is for catharus it is for a cathartic cleansing
wait what am am I back in the bakic right yeah you are this is Christianity but it's bakic and what is all this for
what is Ephesians say right wh why does Jesus do all of this in order that he
may purify her right he may make her holy with a
purification that is a bath it's a bath of water and how do we get there we get
there in the
rmaa that's what we'll teach you that's what we'll teach you in the initiation
when we get there and we are ready to bring you there and back that's
what we'll use the RMA this is what we see in the Pye the
Greek magical papiery this is what we see the use of these this this saying it's not it's not
really the same um it's this power that radiates that you use via the logos
which was in the beginning
right you see you have to channel the right channel the right forces right or
you're not going to be commanding demons it gets my goat when people try to command demons without understanding the
physics because um the physics is image and if you don't have the right image
it's going to be useless I don't know why I mean it's like if you don't have wings you're not gonna fly bro it's that
simple let's go to the back to the source okay good and so this is that
cleansing that we need we are in cathartic rights with Jesus and bacas go
back yep fantastic yeah um why is he
what's he going to do ultimately he's going to make make the his bride a thing of Honor right not having any spone or
r Wait She's Gotta She's Gotta she's got no spon and no R did did Eve have this
stuff did Eve have this no she didn't right because Jesus and Jehovah don't
pick anything but perfect virgins right are you come on people
watch look what happens but she is AOS e is AOS at the bottom she is Not Without
Blame am the church has to be made Without
Blame why does Eve have the blame because she went through it and
had her eyes opened and saw that God was
nobody yeah isn't that amazing it brought her you thank the Garden of
Eden and the expulsion of Eve and her forced hard labor and childbirth because
he took away all our drugs you really think that Eve went down and got on her
knees and honored this Craton who threw her out sorry apologies to people to
Crate it's Mander and back to Media she's the one who said crans are all liars right sorry to Modern CED lovely
place um gorgeous place um any who um this is what we have to this is what
we have to deal with um Eve's reputation she didn't lose it she gained
it what did what did God Jo or Jehovah
what did that father God know he knew that if she got access to this fruit
from her own tree that she would be like
him she wouldn't need him right when you get there take it down
for one second when you get there and you realize that you don't need
him you know why he puts a guardian there right he puts a guardian who kept
that way the lightbringer kept that way Mr reason himself kept that
way he allowed her he allowed her to contravene the orders of the
mongrel God who was with the boy Adam now when I
say Theos there hear from Antiquity hear from the Bronze Age Theos hear
it right m can you see him I can see him people say
don't make an image of Allah or God right don't make an
image I got one right here right here and it's not
complimentary why because we're children of Eve yeah let's be children of Eve I love
that that was beautiful those Romantics were nuts let's go couple more and that's it cuz we are way
again way over time what is that speos that's just the I just wanted you to see that it's some kind of naughtiness right
Flack or blemish it's just some kind of Mark or blemish and what it let's go back to Paul what is it what is it
Christ did what he loved you and gave himself for you for us right as a
offering something brought forward and thusia as that burnt sacrifice
and what does that burnt sacrifice do it's a beautiful smell it is El OAS wait
it is U odian um did I tell you did you guys see
on the pot when we came in and they had that stuff that causes the
painkilling um the initial drug that we all took to get into the mystery um did
anybody noticed that written on that pot was the very same was something go back
to that was something the very same what was written on that pot what was written on that
[Music] pot that which is most pleasing to the
smell to the smell a utic drug compounds are utic and what
does nus tell us the compound that dionis gives us he tells us it is you
otic you otic you didn't know Jesus was carrying around the same thing did you
yeah remember remember what he got so pissed about in the temple you can't
bring that SK in right this is my thing all right let's go let's go back
up yep just to the next s yeah hey keep talking Paul keep talking um no next one
yep okay and you got to know this stuff man that every what does Paul say he
says every pornos every pornos
um every AOS right um every
playes yeah um wait what kind of what kind of people are you talking about everyone who's a por or pornos remember
a pornos can be a 12-year-old boy right it's somebody who is being
used within the trafficking right the sex trade and what else unclean
aathar well anybody who has that a catharsis right who's a
AOS right everyone who is that what are they they are
idolators they are idolators if you go
through one of these purifications you're going to end up performing idolatry and if you look up
pora you'll find that it is not only Temple worship but at the very same time
it is Temple sex it is acts that cause you to enter
into a sexual state right even if they're using Virgin
priestesses who are not de vinified to
retain their oracular power okay so there's still sexual acts
going on in these rights all right all right now I
promised you Moses would show up where is that guy come on Moses bring me those
keep going this the next one just do the next one yeah um yeah here's some translations you know no important no
immoral impure or greedy okay keep going go down uh who is uh sexually immoral or
impure cetus right okay keep going um nor
unclean person nor Covetous man right uh who happens to be an idolator that's a
terrible translation King James sucks sometimes um keep going um New American
Standard which tends to be the most literal um impure person no immoral or
impure okay see how even there kind of brushing aside what that actual what
that actual Purity is talking about right we're talking about ganade there's
a reason that Zeus drinks from his
rectum don't get upset at me it's in the pra right some British knight wrote a
whole tretis on all of these aspects there's sodomy and what it was within
the ritual um dildos there's all sorts of things that have to do with sexual
gratification and ritual because this is all under the umbrella of Lord
priapus right now you didn't think would you be surprised if Jesus is standing in the place of
Prius oh now I understand the boys now I understand the boys that are with Jesus
it's a necessary occupational um vehicle the boys that they're using
right okay good let's go to the next one not good for them you know the the jigs
up with these people but um I just want you to see a little bit of fragment here this is just a little bit of silini
speaking we're going to the cave of Hermes we're going to his nurse K and
she says me don't be in disbelief right trust what that goddess gives you yeah
and the per the chorus sings Back and how right how can we believe that this
dead thing gave out a voice this Corpse The
Dead how do we how do we know that they Thunder are you ready people we're to bonic Rave right are you ready for the
dead to give their voice because that's what we are you are not who you were
you're dead silini says believe it right for being dead right that dead person
has a voice but when they're alive they're just a voiceless
Beast okay that was a little bit extra for the people who like to solve the
puzzles okay I want you to that was a little extra picture of what's going on
within the right give me the next one and finally First Corinthians
10 did he finally get here how you doing Mo how you doing Mo no you you came
dressed inappropriately take off Moses take off your clothes
Moses right let's show you the rights are you
ready blow this up jwy I'm just going to translate this people yeah I don't want
you to be ignorant of the fact Brothers that our fathers all of them um they
were underneath the influence of the cloud yeah and all of them came through
the sea through the midst of the sea yeah and all of them what all of them
were baptized into Moses take it down baptized into Moses and the Orthodox
Jews in the group say well we don't care that's your new testament G garbage
we don't care about that right it's fine you can put up that wall but you should
know you rabbis and Scholars of the Torah you should know that people in the
first century who were reading your septu are saying
Moses is a Baptist Moses is a Baptist you mean wait
a minute you mean all that funny snake stuff that Moses was doing and the snake on stick and all the healing yeah it's
all Baptist you were baptized into Moses now originally what this concept
was is you are submerged in the Muse
Musa but what it became was you were baptized into
Moes it's no different people right every
religious Jew on the planet owes a debt of gratitude to the Greeks who
established their oracular cult Moses would be nowhere without them and maybe
some priests maybe some Egyptian priests throw them in there right alexandrians yeah love it love it let's
go to the next one isn't it nice to discover where you're where you're from right and and uh you know you can see
that Christianity and Judaism were just variations of this very cult that we are talking about that we're trying to get a
straight up right um look at now what what what is I wanted you guys to see
this definition I should have used it earlier but this is what happens it's okay this is what happens when the bach
enters into the state that they can end up doing a thing that has the root PI
right Pi P paos meaning child pzo right what am I going to do when I am
under the influence of the cult and I am in my
psychosis and I am seeing my two sons and I am sacrificing the children
um what kind of mental Place do I get to I get to a place that I want to
dance dance it is a place that I want to play just look at the definitions it's a
place that I want to play on a musical instrument which they do for some reason
the music guides this group of Maniacs right and women are the ones who
pioneered this it's only late that men get involved right and that's part of why you have John the Baptist in Jesus
Christ right cool so what um look what else does it mean number five play
amorously what you mean so they use a word for playing amorously that uses the
root for child yeah sportive to be sportive like a child frolics them it's
like a you ever see a little deer jumping about young little young one jumping about right around around
mommy yeah that that sportive they used to use that word it's not really used
any more but that kind of frolics them behavior is what they're the Bonet are
known for okay so take it down and I just want to give you the the big
picture within this right that we have just come to we are now in a state we
started out drinking some painkiller I felt a bit of pain um we entered
into taking that gold it's filling our veins it's burning off
our mortality and what do we do we offer up our children right we offer up our
children and um what happens after that with um with all of this well Jehovah
gets mad bring us back to Corinthians Watch What Happens people
watch what happens you know that they were baptized into Moses you know that they were yeah and all of them what did
they do they ate wait a minute they ate what they ate a
Pneumatic Brahma and that word Brahma just leave it up to that word
Brahma can be food something that is secreted wait what yeah it can be ordure
it can be poopy poops it can be something that goes through your intestine this is how it's used in the
gospel of Mark it's not what goes into you that corrupts you because Watch What Happens that stuff just goes through
your bowels and ends up getting extruded it ends up getting extruded as
broma it ends up wait what you mean your body can process something into broma
yes and that is what they are eating they are eating pneumatic bromma what
what is pneumatic bromma I don't know I don't know I don't
I'm going to pass on that one I'll stop with the gold the pneumatic broma I'm I'm just let's just leave it that but it
does something to you you remember that Mana did you know that they were all on
drugs Mana is a drug it's a Greek drug
in a Greek name it is not Aramaic it is not Hebrew Hebrew did not exist when
Mana existed yeah but you know what Mana does
yeah you do yeah you do Mana sustains us Mana is what they gave
to Mary the virgin mother of Jesus Christ when she was in the temple being
nourished by Angels Mana is what they gave
her okay here we go let's go back to Corinthians it's so creepy isn't it it's
like we're all of a sudden in a some kind of culty group or something
and uh what happens they so they ate this stuff and then epon
God wait a minute what the PMA is a potion they have
created a potion a Poma and they're drinking this is Moses the people of
Israel right who are the the time or not really calling people of Israel but um
this migrant group right in the desert what do they do they're drinking
potions they're eating Brahma and what else there's a
rock there's a rock with them wait a minute you mean the bride has to be
around that rock yes that's the Greek that I showed you that rock goes with
the process of the mystery are the Jews performing the mystery yes are the
Christians performing the mystery some of them right fantastic the rock is there one
more time one more time oh let's just go okay um yeah and somehow they end up
getting extruded Into the Wilderness but anyhow um things go bad and God gets mad
and people die and um these things are there for example EX for you people so
you might know not to have these you know Tendencies to be able to go into
this process of using these drugs and becoming born again you have a you're
gonna have to stop doing this right there has to be a a a real SCA here
there has to be a limiting tent where we can go a limiting tent
where we can all go right there's got to be a place h Jesus in the
temple right he's reestablishing he's taking over the bakic tradition one more
time with that verse I just want to see if there's anything there at the bottom yeah so there's a lot of poring I just
want you to see at the bottom there's a lot of porating right and a lot of people get killed for the porn Nation now you can
follow the fairy tale and you can say something like the ground opened up and swallowed them or you can say there was
a fery of death that came came down and caused everybody I like that one I like
the fery of death yeah it's fun I read that to my children at night it's bedtime story um the angel of
death what a terrible job okay but um what happens what happens um these
people are porating right and that's what's the wrecking the problem that's why
thousands of them are killed how many thousands a lot of thousands several thousand
right okay take it out of here
Moses is presented by the author of this epistle if it's Paul or whoever who
cares um the the I don't care if it was the actual junkie I know they trust this one but I if it was the actual junkie
Paul or not Paul knows The Thorn In the Flesh he knows this so he knows that
when Moses goes out and he's with his people and he's getting ready to build
that SK so that he can have that one right so that he can control the Oracle
because if everybody's doing it gives us no power why do you think
people in elus kept it secret why do you think their priesthood kept it secret
because people went every year to elus to be able to have this lifechanging
experience right it was keeping the territory they were guarding the
territory and Baka says in this text he says hey this isn't that cup that Athena
gave you this isn't that this is the gold of bakus right you're about to go there
this is the right that Christianity emerges from makes changes
to and then perpetu situates with its own
bastardization of the right now the early church fathers messed up and had
them remove the drugs from the right and as Christianity came to power
in Rome and as they found their Trump in Constantine they found access to that
power they then regulated all of the experience that you
would get from the use of a drug I.E idolatry they regulate haven't you ever
wondered why modern evangelicalism and Nancy Reagan go hand inand haven't you
ever wondered why people just say no and why it's a you know a good a good
religious person doesn't do drugs haven't you ever wondered that that is
the mechanism of a people who lived in the third and fourth centuries trying to
get you to have your access cut
off so much so that now we don't even have the concept of the drug communion
we don't even have the concept of it anymore we're having to ReDiscover it we're having to ReDiscover it yeah I
want you to be happy tonight knowing that all of the religions that are
around you that you're hearing that you're feeling the ones that are prop propelling you
forward um those religions have an
anchor in history this is where we're from people
we're from this right it was this mystery that
forged Western Civilization it was this mystery that
creeped across Ross the Atlantic all right on some ships and
ended up with you and I celebrating Thanksgiving a holiday that Thomas Jefferson said should never have been a
holiday never should the government have supported a holiday that was a religious
holiday why because everybody knows from history as soon as they take over as
soon as you have a man woman or child in a Christian office you will
lose your democracy you will lose the voice of the people you will lose the
golden age that you've managed to bring to the world and if you doubt me the
last thousand years will show it have you seen the sacrifice have you seen the
children's sacrifice I want to make a personal appeal because on the breasts of a lot
of people out there are let's save the children while all of us watch The
Thousands how many is it up to now 5,000 6,000 imagine 5,000 children
slaughtered on the altar of grade yeah
yeah justify yourselves justify
yourselves take that to the Watchers try sometimes sitting with a watcher and try
speaking up as if there's something good about the human
race try it thanks for coming
tonight I will see you next Wednesday for what is the downhill
end of Lady Babylon satanic initiation thank you for coming Hil
[Music]
Satan worldly reown on the day that it came an
AR you just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name all way
why did you ever change your [Music]
name